<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [ArviaChat][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [Examples][3]
-   [setUserId][4]
    -   [Parameters][5]
    -   [Examples][6]
-   [getUserId][7]
    -   [Examples][8]
-   [setTestUser][9]
    -   [Parameters][10]
    -   [Examples][11]
-   [getTestUser][12]
    -   [Examples][13]
-   [setRoomName][14]
    -   [Parameters][15]
    -   [Examples][16]
-   [getRoomName][17]
    -   [Examples][18]
-   [setDynamicRoomName][19]
    -   [Parameters][20]
    -   [Examples][21]
-   [getDynamicRoomName][22]
    -   [Examples][23]
-   [setUserName][24]
    -   [Parameters][25]
    -   [Examples][26]
-   [getUserName][27]
    -   [Examples][28]
-   [setUserEmail][29]
    -   [Parameters][30]
    -   [Examples][31]
-   [getUserEmail][32]
    -   [Examples][33]
-   [setUserTel][34]
    -   [Parameters][35]
    -   [Examples][36]
-   [getUserTel][37]
    -   [Examples][38]
-   [setUserDetails][39]
    -   [Parameters][40]
    -   [Examples][41]
-   [getUserDetails][42]
    -   [Examples][43]
-   [setUserTags][44]
    -   [Parameters][45]
    -   [Examples][46]
-   [getUserTags][47]
    -   [Examples][48]
-   [setAuthentication][49]
    -   [Parameters][50]
    -   [Examples][51]
-   [getAuthentication][52]
    -   [Examples][53]
-   [getUserCount][54]
    -   [Examples][55]
-   [setLocalMediaButtonsVisibility][56]
    -   [Parameters][57]
    -   [Examples][58]
-   [getLocalMediaButtonsVisibility][59]
    -   [Examples][60]
-   [setRemoteMediaButtonsVisibility][61]
    -   [Parameters][62]
    -   [Examples][63]
-   [getRemoteMediaButtonsVisibility][64]
    -   [Examples][65]
-   [setMessageBoxVisibility][66]
    -   [Parameters][67]
    -   [Examples][68]
-   [getMessageBoxVisibility][69]
    -   [Examples][70]
-   [setMediaMessageButtonVisibility][71]
    -   [Parameters][72]
    -   [Examples][73]
-   [getMediaMessageButtonVisibility][74]
    -   [Examples][75]
-   [setEndCallButtonVisibility][76]
    -   [Parameters][77]
    -   [Examples][78]
-   [getEndCallButtonVisibility][79]
    -   [Examples][80]
-   [setDefaultNotificationsEnabled][81]
    -   [Parameters][82]
    -   [Examples][83]
-   [getDefaultNotificationsEnabled][84]
    -   [Examples][85]
-   [getDeviceInfo][86]
    -   [Examples][87]
-   [init][88]
    -   [Parameters][89]
    -   [Examples][90]
-   [connect][91]
    -   [Examples][92]
-   [switchAudioOutput][93]
    -   [Examples][94]
-   [switchMicrophone][95]
    -   [Examples][96]
-   [getMicrophone][97]
-   [switchCamera][98]
    -   [Examples][99]
-   [getCamera][100]
    -   [Examples][101]
-   [toggleScreenSharing][102]
    -   [Examples][103]
-   [close][104]
    -   [Parameters][105]
    -   [Examples][106]
-   [setMicrophone][107]
    -   [Parameters][108]
    -   [Examples][109]
-   [setCamera][110]
    -   [Parameters][111]
    -   [Examples][112]
-   [shareScreen][113]
    -   [Parameters][114]
    -   [Examples][115]
-   [stopAudioVideo][116]
    -   [Examples][117]
-   [disconnect][118]
    -   [Examples][119]
-   [turnOnMicrophone][120]
    -   [Examples][121]
-   [turnOffMicrophone][122]
    -   [Examples][123]
-   [turnOnCamera][124]
    -   [Examples][125]
-   [turnOffCamera][126]
    -   [Examples][127]
-   [resize][128]
    -   [Examples][129]
-   [showNotification][130]
    -   [Parameters][131]
    -   [Examples][132]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.AUTHENTICATION_ERROR][133]
    -   [Examples][134]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.CONNECT][135]
    -   [Examples][136]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.CONNECT_ERROR][137]
    -   [Examples][138]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.DISCONNECT][139]
    -   [Examples][140]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.JOIN_REQUEST][141]
    -   [Examples][142]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.JOIN_ROOM_ERROR][143]
    -   [Examples][144]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.USER_JOIN][145]
    -   [Examples][146]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.USER_LIST][147]
    -   [Examples][148]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.WAITING_FOR_PERMISSION][149]
    -   [Examples][150]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.ROOM_FULL][151]
    -   [Examples][152]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.DEVICE_INFO][153]
    -   [Examples][154]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.DEVICE_INFO_ERROR][155]
    -   [Examples][156]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.LOCAL_STREAM][157]
    -   [Examples][158]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.LOCAL_STREAM_ERROR][159]
    -   [Examples][160]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.SCREEN_SHARE][161]
    -   [Examples][162]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.SCREEN_SHARE_ERROR][163]
    -   [Examples][164]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.MESSAGE][165]
    -   [Examples][166]
-   [ArviaChatEvent.CONNECTING][167]
    -   [Examples][168]

## ArviaChat

Constructor for Arvia Chat.

### Parameters

-   `projectId` **[string][169]** ID of your arvia.chat project. You can find this in your project overview on your arvia.chat account.

### Examples

```javascript
var arviaChat = new ArviaChat('5b4f145ac4dbc95dcf926a52');
```

Returns **[ArviaChat][170]** Arvia Chat instance

## setUserId

Set user id.

### Parameters

-   `userId` **[string][169]** Uniqe user id of the user. You can use this user id track this user.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setUserId('12345');
```

## getUserId

Get user id of this user.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getUserId();
// returns '12345'
```

Returns **[string][169]** userId The user id set by the setUserId method.

## setTestUser

Set test user.

### Parameters

-   `testUser` **[boolean][171]** Set this to true while development only.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setTestUser(true);
// Test users will connect to a test room automatically
```

## getTestUser

Get test status of this user.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getTestUser();
// returns true
```

Returns **[boolean][171]** If true, this is a test user.

## setRoomName

Set room name.

### Parameters

-   `roomName` **[string][169]** The room name to connect and join

### Examples

```javascript
// Top-level room
arviaChat.setRoomName('my-room');

// Dynamic room ([projectId]/[roomName])
arviaChat.setRoomName('5b4f145ac4dbc95dcf926a52/my-room');
// You can also set the dynamic room name using setDynamicRoomName method. setDynamicRoomName method only expects the room name as the parameter. Project id is added automatically as a prefix.
```

## getRoomName

Get room name.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getRoomName();
// returns 'my-room' if the room is a top-level room

// if current room is a dynamic room, this method returns [projectId]/[roomName] (E.g: '5b4f145ac4dbc95dcf926a52/my-room')
```

Returns **[string][169]** The room name set by the setRoomName method.

## setDynamicRoomName

Set dynamic room name.

### Parameters

-   `roomName` **[string][169]** The dynamic room name suffix to connect and join

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setDynamicRoomName('my-room');

// Actual room name will be [projectId]/[roomName] (E.g: '5b4f145ac4dbc95dcf926a52/my-room')
```

## getDynamicRoomName

Get room name.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getDynamicRoomName();
// returns 'my-room'

// If current room is not a dynamic room, this method returns empty string.
```

Returns **[string][169]** The room name set by the setDynamicRoomName method.

## setUserName

Set user name.

### Parameters

-   `userName` **[string][169]** Name that you can assign to your user

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setUserName('John Smith');
```

## getUserName

Get user name.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getUserName();
// returns 'John Smith'
```

Returns **[string][169]** The user name set by the setUserName method

## setUserEmail

Set user email.

### Parameters

-   `userEmail` **[string][169]** User email that you can assign to your user

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setUserEmail('name@example.com');
```

## getUserEmail

Get user email.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getUserEmail();
// returns 'ame@example.com'
```

Returns **[string][169]** The user email set by the setUserEmail method

## setUserTel

Set user telephone number.

### Parameters

-   `userTel` **[string][169]** Telephone number that you can assign to your user

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setUserTel('+1 (123) 456 78 90');
```

## getUserTel

Get user telephone number.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getUserTel();
// returns '+1 (123) 456 78 90'
```

Returns **[string][169]** The telephone number set by the setUserTel method

## setUserDetails

Set user info.

### Parameters

-   `userDetails` **[string][169]** Any details you want to add to this user

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setUserDetails('Calling from San Jose. Interested in annual contracts. Requests more info about pricing.');
```

## getUserDetails

Get user info.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getUserDetails();
// returns 'Calling from San Jose. Interested in annual contracts. Requests more info about pricing'
```

Returns **[string][169]** User details set by the setUserDetails method

## setUserTags

Set user tags.

### Parameters

-   `userTags` **[Array][172]&lt;[string][169]>** The user tags to group or classify the user. Users can be assigned to specific agents by assigning the same tags to the users and the agents which you add to your projects or rooms on your Arvia Chat account center.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setUserTags(['Speaks-English', 'From-USA', '25-year-old']);
```

## getUserTags

Get user tags.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getUserTags();
// returns ['Speaks-English', 'From-USA', '25-year-old']
```

Returns **[Array][172]&lt;[string][169]>** The user tags set by the setUserTags method

## setAuthentication

Set authentication object.

### Parameters

-   `authentication` **[object][173]** The authentication object which includes the required login credentials (or token, session id, etc.) to validate your users before allowing them to join your rooms. You need to set the authentication url for your project on your Arvia account center. The authentication url must be a script under your validated website platform.Variables in this authentication object, will be posted to the authentication url which is set on your account center. On a valid request, your authentication script should return a json string including a 'success' parameter set to true. Any other respone will be considered as a failed authentication.Please take a look at the Autherntication tab on your Arvia account center for more information and examples.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setAuthentication({token: awqwr7632s76xfew68rhb68hwf8et});
```

## getAuthentication

Get authentication object.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getAuthentication();
// returns {token: awqwr7632s76xfew68rhb68hwf8et}
```

Returns **[object][173]** The authentication object set by the setAuthentication method

## getUserCount

Get the number of users in the room.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getUserCount();
// returns 2
```

Returns **[number][174]** The number of users in the room.

## setLocalMediaButtonsVisibility

Set local media buttons visibility status.

### Parameters

-   `visible` **[boolean][171]** If set to true, camera and microphone buttons will be visible. If set to false, camera and microphone buttons will be hidden.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setLocalMediaButtonsVisibility(true);
```

## getLocalMediaButtonsVisibility

Get local media buttons visibility status.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getLocalMediaButtonsVisibility();
// returns true
```

Returns **[boolean][171]** The local media buttons visibility status set by the setLocalMediaButtonsVisibility method

## setRemoteMediaButtonsVisibility

Set visibility status of remote users' media options buttons.

### Parameters

-   `visible` **[boolean][171]** If set to true, options button, which toggles the incoming video, incoming audio and fullscreen buttos, will be visible. If set to false, these options button will be hidden.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setRemoteMediaButtonsVisibility(true);
```

## getRemoteMediaButtonsVisibility

Get visibility status of remote users' media options buttons.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getRemoteMediaButtonsVisibility();
// returns true
```

Returns **[boolean][171]** The visibility status of remote users' media options buttons set by the setRemoteMediaButtonsVisibility method

## setMessageBoxVisibility

Set visibility status of message box.

### Parameters

-   `visible` **[boolean][171]** If set to true, message box will be visible. If set to false, message box will be hidden.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setMessageBoxVisibility(true);
```

## getMessageBoxVisibility

Get visibility status of message box.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getMessageBoxVisibility();
// returns true
```

Returns **[boolean][171]** The visibility status of message box set by the setMessageBoxVisibility method.

## setMediaMessageButtonVisibility

Set visibility status of media message button.

### Parameters

-   `visible` **[boolean][171]** If set to true, media message button will be visible. If set to false, media message button will be hidden.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setMediaMessageButtonVisibility(true);
```

## getMediaMessageButtonVisibility

Get visibility status of media message button.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getMediaMessageButtonVisibility();
// returns true
```

Returns **[boolean][171]** The visibility status of media message button set by the setMediaMessageButtonVisibility method.

## setEndCallButtonVisibility

Set visibility status of end call button.

### Parameters

-   `visible` **[boolean][171]** If set to true, end call button will be visible. If set to false, end call button will be hidden.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setEndCallButtonButtonVisibility(true);
```

## getEndCallButtonVisibility

Get visibility status of end call button.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getEndCallButtonVisibility();
// returns true
```

Returns **[boolean][171]** The visibility status of end call button set by the setEndCallButtonVisibility method.

## setDefaultNotificationsEnabled

Enable or disable default notifications which are sent by the SDK.

### Parameters

-   `enabled` **[boolean][171]** If set to true, default notifications are enabled. If false, default notifications are disabled.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setDefaultNotificationsEnabled(true);
```

## getDefaultNotificationsEnabled

Get if the default notifications are enabled or not.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getDefaultNotificationsEnabled();
// returns true
```

Returns **[boolean][171]** If returns true, default notifications are enabled. If returns false, default notifications are disabled.

## getDeviceInfo

Get device info. Audio/video input and output sources.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getDeviceInfo();
// ArviaChatEvent.DEVICE_INFO event is dispatched when device info is generated.
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.DEVICE_INFO, 
  function (e) {
    console.log(e);
  }
);
```

Returns **[object][173]** Device info object which includes audio and video sources.

## init

Create the chat interface in the target div element.

### Parameters

-   `targetElement` **([string][169] \| [object][173])** Id (or DOM Object) of the target div element

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.init('arviaChatDiv');
```

## connect

Connect and join the room.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.connect();
```

## switchAudioOutput

Switch the audio output to next available speaker/earphone.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.switchAudioOutput();
```

## switchMicrophone

Switch the audio input to next available microphone.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.switchMicrophone();
```

## getMicrophone

Get the outgoing audio stream source device id .

Returns **([boolean][171] \| [string][169])** false or Microphone Id of the outgoing audio stream source.
arviaChat.getMicrophone();

## switchCamera

Switch the video input to next available camera.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.switchCamera();
```

## getCamera

Get the outgoing video stream source device id .

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getCamera();
```

Returns **([boolean][171] \| [string][169])** false or Camera Id of the outgoing video stream source.

## toggleScreenSharing

Toggles sharing screen start/stop.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.toggleScreenSharing();
```

## close

Disconnect and terminate the chat interface.

### Parameters

-   `closeRoom`  

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.close();
```

## setMicrophone

Set the outgoing audio stream source device.

### Parameters

-   `microphone` **([boolean][171] \| [string][169])** True/False or Microphone Id to enable or disable video stream. Available Microphone Ids can be obtained by the getDeviceInfo method.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setMicrophone(true);
```

## setCamera

Set the outgoing video stream source device.

### Parameters

-   `camera` **([boolean][171] \| [string][169])** True/False or Camera Id to enable or disable video stream. Available Camera Ids can be obtained by the getDeviceInfo method.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.setCamera(true);
```

## shareScreen

Start or stop sharing screen.

### Parameters

-   `share` **[boolean][171]** If set to true, screen sharing starts. If set to false, sceeen sharing stops.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.shareScreen(true);
```

## stopAudioVideo

Stops broadcasting audio and video.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.stopAudioVideo();
```

## disconnect

Disconnect and exit the room.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.disconnect();
```

## turnOnMicrophone

Turn on microphone and broadcast your audio.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.turnOnMicrophone();
```

## turnOffMicrophone

Turn off microphone and mute your audio.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.turnOffMicrophone();
```

## turnOnCamera

Turn on camera and broadcast your video.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.turnOnCamera();
```

## turnOffCamera

Turn off camera and put outgoing video on hold.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.turnOffCamera();
```

## resize

Call this method to update chat if the size of the target div element is changed.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.resize();
```

## showNotification

Show a notification using the Arvia Chat's built in notifications.

### Parameters

-   `text` **[string][169]** Text to display
-   `type` **[string][169]** Type of the notification ('base', 'success', 'error', 'info', 'warn')

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.showNotification('Please wait while connecting...');
```

## ArviaChatEvent.AUTHENTICATION_ERROR

Dispatched if the authentication fails.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.AUTHENTICATION_ERROR, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Authentication failed.');
   console.log(e);
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.CONNECT

Dispatched when connected.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.CONNECT, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Connected to room');
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.CONNECT_ERROR

Dispatched when connect failed.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.CONNECT_ERROR, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Connect error!');
   console.log(e);
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.DISCONNECT

Dispatched when disconnected.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.DISCONNECT, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Disconnected from server!');
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.JOIN_REQUEST

Dispatched when the room is locked, someone wants to join the room and you are the room agent.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.JOIN_REQUEST, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Someone wants to join the room');
   console.log(e);
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.JOIN_ROOM_ERROR

Dispatched when you can not enter the room.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.JOIN_ROOM_ERROR, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Can not join the room');
   console.log(e);
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.USER_JOIN

Dispatched when a user joins room.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.USER_JOIN, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Someone joined the room');
   console.log(e);
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.USER_LIST

Dispatched when the user joins or leaves the room.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.USER_LIST, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('User list updated');
   console.log(e);
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.WAITING_FOR_PERMISSION

Dispatched when the room you are trying to join is locked and waiting for the agent to let you in.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.WAITING_FOR_PERMISSION, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Waiting for permission from the room agent');
   console.log(e);
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.ROOM_FULL

Dispatched when the room you are trying to join is full.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.ROOM_FULL, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('This room is full');
   console.log(e);
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.DEVICE_INFO

Dispatched after the getDeviceInfo is called and when the device info is generated.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getDeviceInfo();
// ArviaChatEvent.DEVICE_INFO event is dispatched when device info is generated.
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.DEVICE_INFO, 
  function (e) {
    console.log(e);
  }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.DEVICE_INFO_ERROR

Dispatched after the getDeviceInfo is called and when the device info can not be generated.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.getDeviceInfo();
// ArviaChatEvent.DEVICE_INFO_ERROR event is dispatched when device info can not be generated.
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.DEVICE_INFO_ERROR, 
  function (e) {
    console.log('Can not get device info!');
  }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.LOCAL_STREAM

Dispatched when the camera access granted.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.LOCAL_STREAM, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Got video stream from the camera.');
   console.log(e);
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.LOCAL_STREAM_ERROR

Dispatched if the camera can not be accessed.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.LOCAL_STREAM_ERROR, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Can not access camera.');
   console.log(e);
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.SCREEN_SHARE

Dispatched when the screen access granted.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.SCREEN_SHARE, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Got screen display to share.');
   console.log(e);
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.SCREEN_SHARE_ERROR

Dispatched if the screen can not be shared.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.SCREEN_SHARE_ERROR, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Can not get screen display.');
   console.log(e);
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.MESSAGE

Dispatched when a message is received.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.MESSAGE, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Message received.');
   console.log(e.detail.userName);
   console.log(e.detail.userId);
   console.log(e.detail.message);
   console.log(e.detail.date);
 }
);
```

## ArviaChatEvent.CONNECTING

Dispatched when trying to connect.

### Examples

```javascript
arviaChat.on(ArviaChatEvent.CONNECTING, 
 function (e) {
   arviaChat.showNotification('Please wait while connecting...');
 }
);
```

[1]: #arviachat

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #examples

[4]: #setuserid

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #examples-1

[7]: #getuserid

[8]: #examples-2

[9]: #settestuser

[10]: #parameters-2

[11]: #examples-3

[12]: #gettestuser

[13]: #examples-4

[14]: #setroomname

[15]: #parameters-3

[16]: #examples-5

[17]: #getroomname

[18]: #examples-6

[19]: #setdynamicroomname

[20]: #parameters-4

[21]: #examples-7

[22]: #getdynamicroomname

[23]: #examples-8

[24]: #setusername

[25]: #parameters-5

[26]: #examples-9

[27]: #getusername

[28]: #examples-10

[29]: #setuseremail

[30]: #parameters-6

[31]: #examples-11

[32]: #getuseremail

[33]: #examples-12

[34]: #setusertel

[35]: #parameters-7

[36]: #examples-13

[37]: #getusertel

[38]: #examples-14

[39]: #setuserdetails

[40]: #parameters-8

[41]: #examples-15

[42]: #getuserdetails

[43]: #examples-16

[44]: #setusertags

[45]: #parameters-9

[46]: #examples-17

[47]: #getusertags

[48]: #examples-18

[49]: #setauthentication

[50]: #parameters-10

[51]: #examples-19

[52]: #getauthentication

[53]: #examples-20

[54]: #getusercount

[55]: #examples-21

[56]: #setlocalmediabuttonsvisibility

[57]: #parameters-11

[58]: #examples-22

[59]: #getlocalmediabuttonsvisibility

[60]: #examples-23

[61]: #setremotemediabuttonsvisibility

[62]: #parameters-12

[63]: #examples-24

[64]: #getremotemediabuttonsvisibility

[65]: #examples-25

[66]: #setmessageboxvisibility

[67]: #parameters-13

[68]: #examples-26

[69]: #getmessageboxvisibility

[70]: #examples-27

[71]: #setmediamessagebuttonvisibility

[72]: #parameters-14

[73]: #examples-28

[74]: #getmediamessagebuttonvisibility

[75]: #examples-29

[76]: #setendcallbuttonvisibility

[77]: #parameters-15

[78]: #examples-30

[79]: #getendcallbuttonvisibility

[80]: #examples-31

[81]: #setdefaultnotificationsenabled

[82]: #parameters-16

[83]: #examples-32

[84]: #getdefaultnotificationsenabled

[85]: #examples-33

[86]: #getdeviceinfo

[87]: #examples-34

[88]: #init

[89]: #parameters-17

[90]: #examples-35

[91]: #connect

[92]: #examples-36

[93]: #switchaudiooutput

[94]: #examples-37

[95]: #switchmicrophone

[96]: #examples-38

[97]: #getmicrophone

[98]: #switchcamera

[99]: #examples-39

[100]: #getcamera

[101]: #examples-40

[102]: #togglescreensharing

[103]: #examples-41

[104]: #close

[105]: #parameters-18

[106]: #examples-42

[107]: #setmicrophone

[108]: #parameters-19

[109]: #examples-43

[110]: #setcamera

[111]: #parameters-20

[112]: #examples-44

[113]: #sharescreen

[114]: #parameters-21

[115]: #examples-45

[116]: #stopaudiovideo

[117]: #examples-46

[118]: #disconnect

[119]: #examples-47

[120]: #turnonmicrophone

[121]: #examples-48

[122]: #turnoffmicrophone

[123]: #examples-49

[124]: #turnoncamera

[125]: #examples-50

[126]: #turnoffcamera

[127]: #examples-51

[128]: #resize

[129]: #examples-52

[130]: #shownotification

[131]: #parameters-22

[132]: #examples-53

[133]: #arviachateventauthentication_error

[134]: #examples-54

[135]: #arviachateventconnect

[136]: #examples-55

[137]: #arviachateventconnect_error

[138]: #examples-56

[139]: #arviachateventdisconnect

[140]: #examples-57

[141]: #arviachateventjoin_request

[142]: #examples-58

[143]: #arviachateventjoin_room_error

[144]: #examples-59

[145]: #arviachateventuser_join

[146]: #examples-60

[147]: #arviachateventuser_list

[148]: #examples-61

[149]: #arviachateventwaiting_for_permission

[150]: #examples-62

[151]: #arviachateventroom_full

[152]: #examples-63

[153]: #arviachateventdevice_info

[154]: #examples-64

[155]: #arviachateventdevice_info_error

[156]: #examples-65

[157]: #arviachateventlocal_stream

[158]: #examples-66

[159]: #arviachateventlocal_stream_error

[160]: #examples-67

[161]: #arviachateventscreen_share

[162]: #examples-68

[163]: #arviachateventscreen_share_error

[164]: #examples-69

[165]: #arviachateventmessage

[166]: #examples-70

[167]: #arviachateventconnecting

[168]: #examples-71

[169]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[170]: #arviachat

[171]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[172]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[173]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[174]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
